
https://www.roomies.com/profiles/1006687

This will sound strange, but I figure - what the hell..

You only have 200? I don't judge anyone for anything. I have enough I could probably cover a single bedroom place. (that usually means a living room too. and I could sleep on the couch)
I'm working at an incubator and I pretty much sleep on bean bags, extra beds, couches, whatever's available.

I'm from out of state, Louisiana 31, but just started a secure 50k job in tech sector. in Knoxville md. (I knowk where are those?)

Here to stay! And I'm trying to find anyone along the Martinsville -> D.C. MARC line, which includes a bunch of cities and suburbs Northwest of D.C.

I've been finding all the apartments & townhouses I can and mapped them. first in Frederick, Brunswick, Harpers Ferry, now in Martinsburg. and I'm looking at Metro D.C.: Germantown, Gaithersburg, & Montgomery Village as something I could potentially afford with a roommate.

I had lived in NY a year in 2019 -2020, and I can tell you I and everyone I know is immune to Corona virus now, and recovered from that horrible disease a year ago.

Please Forgive my sparse profile. :-( I've not used Roommate sites before. Was planning to go it alone. I have an out of state number, and feel embarrassed about that, because i HAD a D.C. one! and then my SIM card expired. I live in Knoxville out in the woods at a friend's 10,000 sq ft mansion. it's hard to explain. Have access to a car, potentially 2 cars. And potentially a 3rd Roommate if you want? Choice is yours. one is female, Cristina. we all work together. it's weird. it's not a cult. We all really are just friends.

I Also build electric bikes.. I'm trying to boost my income to over 100k so I really can live in a "Dream Apartment" or home in Downtown D.C. that's all I really want in life. :-(

Tell me about You?? :-)
